空洞者 Hollow One 克灵人 Kryn 把科哈斯 Xhorhas 的东海岸称为枯滩 Blightshore ，这是一片被邪恶魔法所侵蚀的土地。空洞者 Hollow One 是那片污秽之地的造物之一，他们的灵魂已经去了来世，但是他们的躯体仍然保留着昔日自我的碎片。 支撑着空洞者们 Hollow Ones 的魔法是个未解之谜。大多数空洞者们 Hollow Ones 都是在枯滩 Blightshore 死后重生的。这暗示着这片土地侵蚀法术 spell-scarred 的本质为了一个未知的目的把他们带了回来。但一些人发现，在死后几天，他们醒来，紧握着生命，唯有内心极度的空虚来提醒他们自身的死亡。 在枯滩 Blightshore 空洞者们 Hollow Ones 被视作是一个像其他人一样的民族。他们看起来很奇怪，但冒险者们和枯滩 Blightshore 顽强的人民习惯了和奇怪的生物结盟。在别处，空洞者们 Hollow Ones 与活着的生物无法被区分，除了徘徊在他们周围一股淡淡的死灵臭味。 从活物到空洞者 Hollow One 的转变对不同的人有着不同程度的影响。有些人让他们的愤怒和悔恨吞噬自己，其他人则利用他们的第二次机会成为世上一股更加美好的力量。无论如何，所有的空洞者们 Hollow Ones 都被他们的新生活打上了标记：不安，恐惧或悲伤的感觉就像过去生活的破布一样紧缠着他们。 超自然赠礼：空洞者 Supernatural Gift: Hollow One DM 可以选择允许一个在荒洲 Widemount 战役中创建的角色成为一个空洞者。或者，一个在战役中死去的角色可能会作为一个空洞者 Hollow One 归来。 作为一个空洞者 Hollow One ，你逝去的灵魂所留下的空虚充满了枯滩 Blightshore 奇异的魔法。成为一个空洞者 Hollow One 是一项超自然赠礼 supernatural gift （见城主指南第七章里的 “ 超自然赠礼 Supernatural Gift” ）这赋予你以下特质。
虽然放在种族章节里，但是这个是一个超自然赠礼。
超自然赠礼是由强大魔力存在或原力赋予的特殊奖励。这类超自然赠礼有两种形式：祝福和护咒。祝福通常由神灵或类神存在所赐。而护咒则通常是某强大精魂，某远古魔法区域，或某个传奇生物的作用。与魔法物品不同，超自然赠礼不是物品，也不需要同调。它可以赋予角色可以单次或多次使用的非凡能力。
不老 Ageless 。你不会变老，那些会导致你变老的效应也对你没有作用。 紧拥生命 / 苟且贪生 Cling to Life 。当你进行一次死亡豁免，并骰出 16 或更高时，你恢复 1 点生命值。 还魂 Revenance 。你保留你的生物种类。但你对侦测不死生物种类存在的法术或其他效应显示为不死生物。 不安存在 Unsettling Presence 。用一个动作，你可以使 15 英尺范围内一个你能看见的生物不安。目标在接下来一分钟内进行的下一次豁免骰有劣势。构装生物，不死生物和不会被恐慌的生物对该特性免疫。一旦你使用了该特性，直到你完成了一次长休你不能再次使用它。 Hollow One The eastern coast of Xhorhas, known to the Kryn as
Blightshore, is a land scarred by evil magic. Among the creations of that foul
place are the Hollow Ones, beings whose souls have left for the afterlife, yet
whose bodies still retain a fragment of their former selves. The magic that sustains Hollow Ones is a mystery. Most Hollow
Ones are reborn after dying in Blightshore, suggesting that the spell-scarred
nature of the land brought them back for an unknown purpose. Yet some beings
find that, days after they died, they awaken, clutching to life, with only a
terrible emptiness inside to remind them of their death. In Blightshore, Hollow Ones are seen as a people like any
other. They seem strange, but the adventurous and hardy folk of Blightshore are
used to making allies with strange creatures. Elsewhere, Hollow Ones are
indistinguishable from living creatures, save for the faint stench of
necromancy that lingers about them. The transition from life to becoming a Hollow One affects
different people to different degrees. Some let their anger and regret consume
them. Others use their second chance to become a brighter force in the world.
However,all Hollow Ones are marked by their new existence: feelings of
unease,dread or sadness cling to them like tattered rags of their past life. Supernatural Gift: Hollow One The Dungeon Master has the option to allow a character
created in a Wildemount campaign to be a Hollow One . Alternatively, a
character who perishes in the course of a campaign might return as a Hollow
One, created by the mysterious forces that scar the land. As a Hollow One, the void left behind by your departed soul
is filled with the strange magic of Blightshore. Becoming a Hollow One is a
supernatural gift(see "Supernatural Gifts" in chapter 7 of the
Dungeon Master's Guide) that bestows upon you the following traits. Ageless. You don't age, and effects that would cause you to
age don't work on you. Cling to life. When you make a death saving throw and roll 16
or higher, you regain 1 hit point. Revenance. You retain your creature type, yet you register as
undead to spells and other effects that detect the presence of the undead
creature type. Unsettling Presence. As an action, you can unsettle a
creature you can see within 15 feet of you. The target has disadvantage on the
ne xt saving throw it makes within the next minute. Constructs, undead, and
creatures that can't be frightened are immune to this feature. Once you use
this feature, you can'tuse it again until you finish a long rest.