德洛人 Derro
（背景文本翻译暂缺）
“Mind flayers must be stopped. They have visited 
  horrors on countless worlds, and entire groups of people have been mutated by 
  illithid experiments. Such are the derro. Whenever I've met them, I refuse 
  to fight, no matter how violent they might be. I think of the dwarves they 
  once were. and I must confess that even I have shed tears.”
— 
          Mordenkainen
Derro slink through the subterranean realms, seeking 
places that are safe from the perils of the Underdark. Equal parts fearful and 
vicious, bands of these dwarf-kin prey on those weaker than themselves, while 
giving simpering obeisance to any creatures they deem more powerful. A lone 
derro may seem pitiable, but a cackling, spitting, growling, howling horde of 
them is horrifying to behold.
Fractious in groups and individually weak, derro would 
have died out long ago but for two elements of their character. They are 
cautious and distrustful, which serves them well as they navigate the dangers of 
the Underdark and its societies. They also have a stronger-than-normal tendency 
to develop sorcerous power. Individuals who do so usually serve as leaders and 
are known as savants.
Grandiose fantasies and rampant fanaticism have obscured 
derro's true origin, even among themselves. Most dwarves don't recognize derro 
as kin, but the legends that derro tell about their people and the story that 
duergar believe share a grain of truth. According to the histories of some 
duergar, derro are descended from a dwarven community that was left behind when 
the others escaped the rule of mind flayers. These remnants were so distorted by 
the mind flayers' psionic power that the dwarves became Aberrations.
Derro tell their own stories of flight and survival in 
the Underdark, in which mind flayers aren't always the enemy. They tell of two 
brothers, the gods Diirinka and Diinkarazan, and of how Diirinka cleverly 
betrayed his sibling so that he could steal magical power from the evil they 
escaped. The danger the brothers are said to face in this legend varies, 
depending on whatever foe the savants want to lead their people against, yet the 
essence of the story remains the same: a lesson of survival at any price and an 
example of how deceitfulness and cruelty can be virtues.
德洛人DERRO 小型类人（德洛人）混乱邪恶 AC：13（皮甲） HP：13（3D6+3） 速度：30尺 力量10（+0）敏捷14（+2）体质 
12（+1） 智力11（+0）感知5（-3）魅力9（-1） 技能：隐匿+4 感官：黑暗视觉120尺，被动察觉7 语言：矮人语，地底通用语 挑战等级：1/4（50xp）
魔法抗性Magic 
Resistance： 德洛人抵抗法术及其他魔法效应时进行的豁免检定具有优势。 日照敏感Sunlight 
Sensitivity： 处于阳光下的德洛人在进行攻击检定，以及进行依赖视觉的感知（察觉）检定上具有劣势。 动作 带钩短矛Hooked 
Spear： 近战武器攻击:命中+2，触及 5 尺，单一目标。伤害:3（1d6）的穿刺伤害。如果目标是中型及以下大小的生物， 
德洛人可以选择使目标倒地并取消所造成的伤害。 连发轻弩Light Crossbow： 远程武器攻击:命中+4， 射程 
80/320尺，单一目标。伤害:6(1d8+2)的穿刺伤害。
德洛人学者 DERRO 
SAVANT 小型类人（德洛人）混乱邪恶 AC：13（皮甲） HP：36（8d6+8） 速度：30尺 力量9（-1）敏捷14（+2）体质 
12（+1） 智力11（+0）感知5（-3）魅力14（+2） 技能：隐匿+4 感官：黑暗视觉120尺，被动察觉7 语言：矮人语，地底通用语 挑战等级：3（700xp）
魔法抗性Magic 
Resistance： 德洛人抵抗法术及其他魔法效应时进行的豁免检定具有优势。 施法Spellcasting： 德洛人作为 
5 级施法者。他的施法属性为魅力（法术豁免 DC 12，法术攻击命中+4）德洛人学习了 以下术士法术: 戏法（随意）：酸液飞溅 Acid 
Splash，法师之手Mage Hand，传讯术Message，魔法伎俩Prestidigitation，冷冻射线Ray of Frost 1 环（4 
法术位）：燃烧之手Burning Hands，繁彩球Chromatic Orb，睡眠术Sleep 2环（3 
法术位）：隐形术Invisibility，蛛行术Spider Climb 3环（2 法术位）：闪电束Lightning 
Bolt 日照敏感Sunlight 
Sensitivity： 处于阳光下的德洛人在进行攻击检定，以及进行依赖视觉的感知（察觉）检定上具有劣势 动作 长棍Quarterstaff： 近战武器攻击，命中+1，触及5尺，单一目标。伤害2（1d6-1）的钝击伤害。