那加帕 Nagpa
（背景文本翻译暂缺）
“Nagpas can't learn from that which isn't 
  destroyed. Imagine how bewildering and terrifying a city full of life must be 
  to them. Is it any wonder that they seek the ruin of such places?”
——魔邓肯
Nagpa. Long ago, the Raven Queen cursed a cabal of 
thirteen powerful wizards for meddling in a ritual that would have helped avert 
a war between the gods. She stripped them of their beauty, turning them into 
scabrous, birdlike monstrosities. The nagpas now plot as they ever did, but they 
now strive to bring about terrible, world-shaking calamities so they can pry 
secrets and power from the wreckage their conspiracies create. The nagpas 
fear the Raven Queen and do their best to avoid her and her agents. When it's 
impossible to do so, they become cringing, fawning things, eager to please and 
thereby escape the cold gaze of the being who brought them so low. All of the 
original thirteen remain alive, thanks to their cunning and their willingness to 
do whatever is necessary to survive. Looters of 
Civilization. The curse the Raven Queen placed on the nagpas restricts 
the ways in which they can acquire new lore and magical power, barring them from 
any source except for the ruins left behind from fallen civilizations and great 
calamities. For this reason, nagpas turn their efforts to bringing about such 
ends, so they can loot the libraries, plunder the vaults, and gather up secrets 
of arcane lore from the wreckage. Puppet Masters. Nagpas 
work in the shadows, manipulating events to bring about ruin. As accomplished 
magic-users, they can bring to bear an array of spells to make agents of other 
creatures, influencing their decisions in subtle ways and pulling on strings to 
make them into unwitting accomplices in their own destruction. Nagpas show great 
patience in their plots and have several schemes working simultaneously, each at 
different stages of completion, so if one plan goes awry, they can shift their 
focus to another. Typically, nagpas only show their handiwork and emerge from 
the shadows when they can deliver a finishing blow and then revel in the grand 
devastation their plotting brought about.
那加帕 
Nagpa 中型类人（那加帕），中立邪恶 护甲等级 19 （天生护甲） 生命值 
187（34d8+34） 速度 30尺 力量9（-1） 敏捷15（+2） 体质12（+1） 智力23（+6） 感知18（+4） 
魅力21（+5） 豁免：智力+12，感知+10，魅力+11 技能：奥秘+12，欺瞒+11，历史+12，洞悉+10，察觉+10 感官：真实视觉 
120 尺，被动察觉 20 语言：通用语及至多五种其他语言 挑战等级：17（18000xp）
腐败 
Corruption。 以一个附赠动作，那加帕标记一名其可见的90Ft距离内的生物，目标需进行一次DC20的魅力豁免，若目标为邪恶阵营则该次豁免取劣势。若豁免失败，目标被那加帕魅惑，直到下一次那加帕的回合开始。若豁免成功，则接下来24小时内该生物免疫此效应。 麻痹 
Paralysis（充能6）。 以一个附赠动作，那加帕会令其30Ft内的每个生物进行一次DC20的感知豁免，失败则陷入麻痹（paralyzed）1分钟。被麻痹的目标可以在每个自己的回合末进行豁免，成功则解除该效果。亡灵和构装生物对这种效果免疫。 施法 
Spellcasting。 那加帕是一名15级的施法者。它的施法能力是智力（法术豁免DC 
20、法术攻击命中+12）。那加帕准备着下列魔法： 戏法（任意）： 颤栗之触chill touch,  焰箭fire bolt, 
法师之手mage hand, 传讯术message, 次级幻象minor illusion 1级（4个法术位）：魅惑类人charm person, 
侦测魔法detect magic, 防护善恶protection from evil and good, 巫术箭witch 
bolt 2级（3个法术位）：定身类人hold  person, 衰弱射线ray of enfeeblement, 
暗示术suggestion 3级（3个法术位）：法术反制counterspell, 火球术fireball, 
飞行术fly 4级（3个法术位）：困惑术confusion, 幻景hallucinatory terrain, 火墙术wall of 
fire 5级（2个法术位）：支配类人dominate person, 托梦术dream, 指使术geas 6级（1个法术位）：死亡法阵circle 
of death, 解离术disintegrate 7级（1个法术位）：以太化etherealness,  
虹光喷射prismatic  spray 8级（1个法术位）：弱智术feeblemind 动作 ACTIONS 木棍 
Staff。 近战武器攻击：命中+8，触及5尺，一个目标。命中：9（2d6+2）钝击伤害。